Docs: Update write.metadata.path in view configuration (#17211)
apache/iceberg: docs/docs/view-configuration.md

Iceberg views support properties to configure view behavior. Below is an overview of currently available view properties.

| Property                         | Default                     | Description                                                                        |
|----------------------------------|-----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| write.metadata.compression-codec | gzip                        | Metadata compression codec: `none` or `gzip`                                       |

> | write.metadata.path              | table location + /metadata  | Base location for view metadata files                                              |

Reviewer: i think this should be `view location` instead of `table location`, and it would be useful to document the distinction discussed on dev@: when this property is set, it takes precedence over the view location and metadata files are written directly under the configured path without automatically appending /metadata.

```suggestion
| write.metadata.path              | view location + /metadata  | Base location for view metadata files. When set, metadata files are written directly under this path without appending `/metadata`.                                              |
```
